\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename solitaire.info
@include version.texi
@settitle solitaire @value{VERSION}
@syncodeindex pg cp
@comment %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for solitaire, an implementation of Bruce Schneier's 
Solitaire algorithm (also called Pontifex in the book Cryptonomicon)
written in C.

Copyright @copyright{} 2012 Kyle Isom <@email{coder@@kyleisom.net}>

@quotation
This document is released under a dual license. These two licenses are the 
public domain and a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported 
License. The purpose of this dual-license is to attribute you, the end user,
to use this documentation for whatever purpose you wish. As such, you, the
end user, are free to select either license at will.

This document is released into the public domain.

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 
Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit 
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative 
Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Texinfo documentation system
@direntry
* introduction: (intro)Introduction to solitaire
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title solitaire
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Kyle Isom (@email{coder@@kyleisom.net})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@paragraphindent 0
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top solitaire

This manual is for solitaire (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

@menu
* A Quick Introduction::
* Manual Copyright::
* Index::
@end menu


@node A Quick Introduction
@chapter A Quick Introduction

@pindex intro
@cindex introduction to @command{solitaire}
To use solitaire, you must first generate a deck using the @command{deckgen}
program. To use deckgen, you specify an output file to store the deck as:
@example
deckgen kyle-20120322.deck
@end example

To use the deck for encryption and decryption:
@example
solitaire -e msg.txt -o msg.enc -k deck_file
solitaire -d msg.enc -o msg.txt -k deck_file
@end example

@node Manual Copyright
@appendix Manual Copyright

@include cc.texi

@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye

